README.md, before:

# Timed_shot
The code base for the timedshot server and Firefox addon


These are the steps to setup the environment and run it on Mac

1) Install database software
    Mac:    Install mysql brew install mysql  
            Sequel Ace go to the app store and download Sequel Ace

2) Setup database
    Create database table timed_shots using mysql
    Create table timed_shots_timed_shots
    Setup credentials in sequel ace detailed in app.js
        	host: 'localhost',
		    user: 'root',
		    database: 'timed_shots'
    Setup collumn names and datatypes
        time_stamp  VARCHAR
        note_text   TEXT
        image64     LONGTEXT

3) Create enviroment variables for:
    TIMED_SHOT_DB_HOST
    TIMED_SHOT_DB_NAME
    TIMED_SHOT_DB_USER

4) Install node.js
    npm install dotenv

5) Run server:
    node Timed_shot/Timed_shot_server/app.js

6) Enable browser action
    about:debugging in browser
    This firefox (this will navigate to emporary extensions)
    Select manifest.json from Timed_shot_browser_action

Commit message:

Added a better description of what the Timed Shot utility does

README.md, after:

# Timed_shot
The code base for the timedshot server and Firefox addon

Timed shot is a utility that once installed allows a user create screenshots with a timestamp from youtube videos.

Feel free to fork and modify this code to serve any and all of your time stamp screenshotting needs.

These are the steps to setup the environment and run it on Mac

1) Install database software
    Mac:    Install mysql brew install mysql  
            Sequel Ace go to the app store and download Sequel Ace

2) Setup database
    Create database table timed_shots using mysql
    Create table timed_shots_timed_shots
    Setup credentials in sequel ace detailed in app.js
        	host: 'localhost',
		    user: 'root',
		    database: 'timed_shots'
    Setup collumn names and datatypes
        time_stamp  VARCHAR
        note_text   TEXT
        image64     LONGTEXT

3) Create enviroment variables for:
    TIMED_SHOT_DB_HOST
    TIMED_SHOT_DB_NAME
    TIMED_SHOT_DB_USER

4) Install node.js
    npm install dotenv

5) Run server:
    node Timed_shot/Timed_shot_server/app.js

6) Enable browser action
    about:debugging in browser
    This firefox (this will navigate to emporary extensions)
    Select manifest.json from Timed_shot_browser_action
